---
layout: post
title: "Misfit 2014"
excerpt: "The best conf ever drops a letter and gets a sequel"
date: 2013-08-03 06:16
published: true
external-url:
---
MisfitCon(f) 2014

For all my recent efforts to become a more consistent writer (1000 words a day right?), I never took the time to write about one of the biggest events of my 2013, Misfit Conf in Fargo, North Dakota. Maybe it was due to the long period of reflection and introspection the event triggered, but by the time I had things sorted out there were already a lot of words written by far more eloquent folks than myself. Those stories, whether through words or imagery, told the story with such vibrancy I felt I had nothing more to add. So I'm going to write about next year. :)

[MisfitCon 2014](http://aj-leon.com/misfit-con-2014) was recently announced and along with it a return to Fargo, ND. An interesting thing happened when I read that, everything fell into place and it was clear that it could be nowhere else. MisfitCon was born in Fargo and while it was an amazing experience, it was just a spark. A brilliant spark no doubt, but there's something fascinating about revisiting something and doing it in a completely different way. It will be amazing to see how people have changed and grown in the year since. I'm excited to meet new faces as the attendee list shifts and grows. And it will be interesting to visit Fargo from a different perspective.

The first go around Fargo was a complete unknown but what I quickly found was that it was full of friendly creative people with a pride of community that I had never felt before. Fargo may be small, but it's far from being the middle of nowhere. An oasis perhaps?

AJ has stated 2014 will be a re-imagining the entire weekend from scratch and I have no doubt that it will be at once familiar and profoundly perspective shifting.

To the Misfit alums, I can't wait to see you again in May.
